Cafe GoodLuck is a popular Irani cafe-restaurant on the Fergusson College Road, in the Deccan Gymkhana area of Pune, India.[1] Established in 1935 by Hussain Ali Yakshi, it is one of the oldest Irani places in Pune[2]
 and was perhaps the first garden restaurant in Pune.[3] Cafe GoodLuck is known for its bun maska/bun omelette and Iranian tea.
One of the most iconic breakfast spots in the city, this cafe celebrates the good old days.
In 1932, Narayan Seth bought a small place in the Deccan Gymkhana area that was taken over by Hussain Ali Yakshi, who set up a food joint here in 1935. One of the most popular Irani joints in Pune today, 
Cafe Goodluck is a culinary gem.

Although Cafe Goodluck started in 1935, documents found by the current owner, Kaseem Yakshi, suggest that it may date back to 1924. The owner’s family moved here due to a famine in Iran. Hussain Ali, t
he founder, travelled to Afghanistan and Pakistan, got trained, and even worked in Delhi for a while. When he found out that Mumbai was a hub for Iranians, he moved to the city and worked there for five 
months. However, due to breathing problems, he was advised to move to a drier place. That’s how he reached Pune. After coming to Pune, he married an Iranian and soon after began Cafe Goodluck.

Cafe Goodluck is intergenerational. It passed from Hussain Ali to his son and then to Kaseem Yakshi, who still recounts memories of his childhood and how the cafe became an integral part of his life. 
He started working at the cafe at the age of 14, cleaning the toilets during his summer vacations. By the time he lost his father when he was in the 10th grade, he was well-versed with the fundamentals of 
the kitchen and the business. Now 47 years old, he has worked at the cafe for 33 years of his life. His suppliers have been with him for 25 years. However, to date, Yakshi ensures that he purchases all the
 spices on his own.

When it first began, Cafe Goodluck served only tea, bun maska (buttered bun), and some snacks. Later, eggs, chicken, and mutton were introduced to the menu. In a locality dominated by vegetarians, 
Cafe Goodluck established a platform for non-vegetarian dishes. In fact, many old visitors still tell the owner that they started eating non-vegetarian food here. In his time, Yakshi also introduced 
South Indian dishes to cater to a larger crowd and please a variety of taste buds. He also introduced many snacks and expanded the range of vegetarian food. The bun maska and chai are a favourite combination
 among regulars. Dunking the spongy, buttery bun into the kadak Irani chai is a familiar pleasure for the patrons of Cafe Goodluck. The bun, even though super soft, becomes dry after some time, and the milky
 chai helps wash it down. The bun-omelette is also quite popular. Masala (with vegetables and spices), cheese, or plain omelettes with a soft bun make for a filling breakfast. Their biryani, with fragrant 
rice and succulent meat, is another favourite, along with their preparation of mutton kheema.